Load Metric-based alerts on MCs via alloy-metrics instead of alloy-rules (#354)
giantswarm/observability-operator: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Add support for loading Prometheus Rules in the Mimir Ruler from workload clusters.

### Changed

- Load Prometheus Rules in the Mimir Ruler via Alloy Metrics instead of Alloy Rules on management clusters.

### Removed

> - Remove loading of log-based alerts into the Loki Ruler via Alloy Rules as it is now managed by Alloy Logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove loading of Prometheus Rules for logs into the Loki Ruler via Alloy Rules as it is now managed by Alloy Logs.
```

Author: https://github.com/giantswarm/observability-operator/pull/358
